[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Georgia, welcome.
>> Hi.
Thank you, Reuben.
>> Well, I should say welcome
to me, here in Hawaii.
>> Yes.
Welcome to beautiful Hawaii.
>> This is awesome.
>> Yes.
>> Like, what a great
place to do an interview.
>> Well manifested.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yes.
Well manifested.
Totally.
[VOCALIZING] So we're going
to do some channeling later.
But before, I want to get to
know you a little bit more.
>> Sure.
>> And your work, and
your play, and how you--
how this all came about.
>> Yeah.
>> So first off, who are you?
>> Who am I?
>> And why are we in Hawaii?
>> Well, that is
a good question.
Who am I?
Well, my name is Georgia Jean.
I'm a channel for
the Circle of Light.
I call myself a
broad-spectrum energist.
>> Broad-spectrum energist.
[LAUGHTER]
Explain that, please.
>> Just meaning my energy skills
run across a broad spectrum
of abilities.
>> OK.
>> So I've got healing hands.
Like Reiki or Qigong,
kind of thing?
>> I've never trained
in Reiki, but I just--
once I had my event, you know,
it was just coming through.
>> OK.
>> So I'm not really--
one of the first things
that convinced me
that I, after having
this event, that I
had these new-found abilities.
>> Well, let's go right
into the event then.
>> Let's go right
into the event.
>> Then we can build
back from there.
>> Build back.
Yeah.
>> So what is the event?
>> I'm Australian.
I was living in New York--
sorry.
I was living in Los Angeles.
>> Yeah.
>> Being a stand-up comedian.
>> OK.
>> And I was performing at
the Comedy Store on Sunset.
It was a very harsh, hard world.
>> Mhm.
>> And I was doing a lot of
personal development work,
just to kind of cope with the
mayhem of the Hollywood scene.
And you know, I mean,
you've been in Hollywood.
So there's a lot of rejection.
You're just, like, kind of like
dealing with a lot of stuff.
I was being harassed, you know?
It was a me too
kind of experience.
>> OK.
Yeah.
>> And I really didn't want
to quit performing there
because it was my one
big break in Hollywood.
It's, you know, of
the top three clubs,
and I worked really
hard to be there.
>> Yeah.
>> But there was kind of like
this campaign of harassment.
>> Unfortunately in that world,
they take advantage of people
who want to be in--
I've been in the
Hollywood industry.
I know--
>> Yeah.
>> Unfortunately.
>> And these guys, it was really
just they didn't want me there.
It was other comics.
They didn't-- they
didn't want competition.
And anyway, look,
I just ended up
having to leave because
I had a couple of really
bad experiences there.
And it was really
heartbreaking because I--
my good self was like, I
want to stand up for women.
>> Yeah.
>> I want to not get
run out of this scene.
I want to do the right thing.
I want to be strong
enough, within myself.
>> Mhm.
>> And the big lesson I
learned about the good ego,
how that can also keep you
in-- in the limitation.
>> Yeah.
>> So I finally, after
it just got so terrible--
and obviously, that was
part of my soul going,
can you get out of here so
this other thing can happen?
>> Right.
>> It got so bad, I left.
And a week later,
I had this event
where-- and it was
a full-on spiritual
knock you to the floor
event where I made contact
with the Circle of Light.
And it had happened--
it actually happened
with another friend
of mine who was-- had
found this thing called
a Pathfinder, which is like
a shamanistic talking board.
It was like a Ouija board,
but it was all in the light.
And she could sit
there by herself
and the spirits
would come through.
And she would just
hold this disk,
and it would spin
around, and around,
and around, and
get, like, pages.
I would sit there like the
secretary, spirit secretary,
and write out this kind
of spirit dictation coming
through.
And through that board
they had been saying to her
we can give you a lot
more information if you
let us speak through you.
So we were-- at the same time,
we were listening to Abraham,
you know?
That had kind of come our way.
I actually--
>> Was this someone that was
in your circle of Comedy Store
friends?
Or--
>> No, no.
>> OK.
>> This was actually a girl
I met in Portugal who is one
of the girls who said, you
should come to America and be
a stand-up comic.
So I did that whole thing.
>> OK.
>> So we were friends.
And we just were kind of into
the spiritual stuff together
and just really like,
what's going on?
Like, what is this?
You know, what is happening?
>> Right, right,
>> And then someone had
switched her onto Abraham,
and we were like, whoa.
And then we actually
went to see Abraham.
And I was one of the people
that Abraham pulled up out
of the audience.
>> Oh, cool.
>> And I got to
speak to Abraham.
>> Nice.
>> And I do think there was
an energetic transfer that
happened.
>> Sure.
>> You know, looking
back I was, like--
>> What year was this?
>> It was-- I think it was 2004.
So there were things kind
of building up to it.
>> Right.
>> But through the
board, they were saying--
really, I just thought
to her, like, we
want to speak through
you, my friend.
And I was like, cool.
This is so cool.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Right.
>> Because we weren't afraid.
We had seen this kind of
positive example of channeling.
>> Right.
>> So basically, you know, one
week when I went down to visit
her and they had come through
another time when she visited
me and started
pushing the energy in.
And she was feeling
weird and kind of going,
wow, this is really weird.
But she just was
kind of going like--
[VOCALIZING]
[LAUGHTER]
She couldn't
verbalize it, right?
So the next time I went down
to visit her, there was a--
there's masses of energy here.
I'm writing it down, like
the secretary, you know?
You'll feel a little weird.
You'll make some strange noises.
And I'm sitting there.
Masses of energy, you'll
feel a little weird.
And suddenly, I just
went, oh my god.
I think it's happening to me.
And this wave of
energy came through,
like a full charge
of energy came in.
>> Wow.
>> I just dropped down
into an instant trance.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
And then you came up, and
they were like, we are here.
[LAUGHTER]
>> We want to speak through you.
>> Wow.
Your friend must have
been freaked out.
>> It was wild.
>> Yeah.
>> It was one of the
wildest weekends of my life.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Because it was just, like, nuts.
It was completely nuts.
So when this event happened,
I went from being just pretty,
like, five physical senses--
>> Right.
>> To, you know, feeling
all my chakras blow open.
Buzzing hands.
It was just-- it was
a night and day thing.
And the energies came in.
And then through me--
and I think because
I was a comedian,
I could just speak the energies.
>> Oh.
>> Yeah.
I was just an open champion.
>> Comedians sort of a
channel anyways, right?
>> Well, that's right.
Like, you do improv, and
things are just coming to you.
And they're not going through
your conscious mind so much.
It's just coming out.
Whereas my friend is
very open in the hands.
She was a wonderful painter.
Which is why I think she
could did this thing.
And she could also type channel.
>> Right.
>> And that came easy to her.
But I was-- they, through
me, were able to talk her
through a relaxation.
And then she started verbally
channeling on this weekend.
So there were--
>> At the same time?
This same weekend?
>> Yeah.
It was the craziest time, right?
>> This is like, you know,
channeling girls gone wild.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It totally was.
We were just like--
>> Spring break
in-- where were you?
San Diego?
>> Yeah.
>> Spring break in San Diego.
>> It was crazy.
It really was crazy.
>> Nice.
>> So we-- so they came through.
And they came through--
because they really
blasted us open.
They came through
massive energy.
We are here.
And of course, I was,
like, moving around
like a mad woman and everything.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And then they-- you know,
they would pop over into her.
And they'd be, like, you know--
>> Oh, the same Circle
would pop to her?
>> Yeah.
They were popping between us.
>> Wow.
Yeah.
They were popping-- like,
say they're be in me,
and then they'd go--
well, then they'd pop over.
I would talk her through, and
then she'd start channeling.
>> Nice.
>> And then I remember
very clearly her channeling
something.
And then just going,
transferring energies.
And then suddenly--
[LAUGHTER]
>> Oh, I'd love to
have a camera on that.
Oh my god.
>> Well, we did video.
>> Oh.
It was videoed?
>> We-- somewhere.
I don't know if
you want to see it.
>> Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
Are you crazy?
>> I didn't know--
>> We are going to--
[LAUGHTER]
>> Because we're just, like, a
couple of chicks hanging out,
right?
You know?
>> Yeah.
>> So because they
started to say--
>> Yeah.
>> You know, we want
you to document this.
So bring your friend over.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Wait.
You had a friend to document it?
>> She came over the next
day with her video camera.
>> Nice.
>> And there was so much
energy in this room.
>> Wow.
>> We would go out
onto the balcony.
And we were, like,
smoking cigarettes,
because we were just, like,
what is going on in there?
[LAUGHTER]
>> And it was the only way
to kind of slow it down.
What is going on?
And we would walk back into
the room and just be like--
[LAUGHTER]
You know, the energies
were just so strong.
Literally, got
knocked to the floor.
Like, it would literally
knock you to the floor when--
and they were busting
through, right?
Yeah.
It wasn't like I went to,
like, a channeling class
and slowly developed this thing.
It was like a--
we're here thing.
>> So that's why it's
called the event.
>> That's why it's
>> And it was two or three days?
>> It was two days.
So I-- the day they
first came through,
you know, I was
staying the night.
And my friend went to go and
get coffee in the morning.
You know, I woke up
and she had gone.
And I started feeling these,
like, little hands all over me.
And they were saying, you
know, we're clearing you.
We're clearing you.
We're healing you.
And I was, like--
>> This was an audible
voice in your ear?
>> Yeah.
It was, like, you know, in your
inner mind, I guess, you know?
And I was, like,
well, maybe we should
wait till Lisa comes back.
Like, you know, I don't
really, like-- is this cool?
I don't know.
So but, no.
It was lovely.
It was very, you
know, like, these kind
of little angel hands.
And then the next
day, the friend
came and with the video camera.
>> What did she think?
>> I mean, what did
any of us think?
[LAUGHTER]
>> OK.
>> Literally, the footage
would be, you know,
the energy would
be in one of us,
and the other one basically
just like looking in the camera
going--
[MOUTHING WORDS]
It was just so mental.
Like--
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> But we-- we had an
open heart about it.
And then I went back
to LA, and I didn't
think I could do it by myself.
I thought we needed the board.
I thought we needed
to be together.
And then, you know, as a--
I actually had one of
those boards myself.
I couldn't do it like she
did, but I opened it up.
And it was all like--
[VOCALIZING]
--In the middle.
And then, you know, I
realized I could do it
without my friend, Lisa.
We went through a long--
I talked about it in--
I can plug the podcast,
right, that we've got this--
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We just did-- we just
recorded the podcast.
>> We just recorded an episode
of the podcast that I've got
coming out, called "Coming
Out of the Cosmic Closet."
And I talk quite a lot about
that in the first two episodes.
>> Oh, great.
>> The event.
And then what we had
to do to really trust
that this was happening.
>> Yeah.
>> Because it's so--
part of me, of
course, is like, am I
just making this up to
get attention, you know?
This bad stuff happened
at the Comedy Store.
Maybe I'm looking for
a new angle to, like,
get some attention.
And there was a whole
process to really go.
Am I mad?
I'm not mad.
Can I trust this?
Is this real?
Because we did just sound like--
initially, that we were just
kind of regurgitating, like,
Abraham and stuff.
>> Oh, OK.
>> You know, it
took a while for--
you know, when you
start channeling,
they really have to
prepare you to receive
different information.
And you have to, like--
you know, the neural pathways
have to get rewired and fired.
You have to open the vessel.
So it took a little
while before I was really
getting the body of work that
is really the body of work
that I bring through
with the Circle.
>> So after this event episode--
>> Yeah.
>> How long did you stay at the
Comedy Store before you left?
Pretty soon?
>> No, I left.
I had to leave the
Comedy Store, I really
think, for this event to happen.
>> Oh, so this was leaving.
And then literally,
a week after?
>> Literally a week after.
>> Man.
>> And it very much was--
because the Comedy Store is,
like, super haunted.
>> Yeah.
>> So.
And there was a very
dense energy there.
And I actually did struggle
with my comedy there, I think,
because I had to really--
you know, you don't realize
how energy sensitive
you are until you have an event.
And then now you're
actually viscerally feeling
your sensitivity a lot more.
And so I think there
wasn't really a--
I mean, it wouldn't
be energetically
healthy, I suppose, for
me to open up like that
and still be going
into that environment.
>> Sure.
>> Because it's just a really--
it's a haunted you know--
>> Well, you probably-- again,
you had to get away from that
for this event to happen.
>> For this event to happen.
Yeah.
>> And vice versa.
>> And that's why I say it's
kind of-- it was really about
a learning lesson
about the good ego.
Because sometimes you're
really in your-- like,
I'm doing the right thing
by staying here and being
in this-- this fight for
womankind too, you know--
>> Right.
>> But it was actually
holding back an aspect of--
or delaying--
>> Sure.
>> This greater event
that wanted to happen.
>> So after that, how soon did
the channeling become a thing
where you're-- like, you're
doing hosting private sessions
now and doing this.
>> Yeah.
I mean, I worked with it.
I sort of started having
people come over and do
kind of sessions quite quickly
really, when I was still,
you know, adapting with the
energy and stuff like that.
But I had a good friend whose
house I would go over to.
And she was really into
it, and she loved Abraham.
And she would just sit
with me and ask questions.
And a lot of the times--
a lot of times, we would
go into silence, actually,
and just these kind of
preparatory transmissions
were coming through.
And that helped to build
my confidence to start.
Because like I said,
I went from being,
you know, someone who's not
having these experiences--
>> Right.
--To full on being blasted open.
So--
>> After the event, it
continued, this craziness?
>> Oh, the craziness continued.
Yeah.
And I really do go into
that a lot in the podcast.
"Coming Out of the
Cosmic Closet," all--
like, how we kind of tested it.
>> Right.
>> A lot of things
happened Yeah.
>> OK.
>> I mean, you
know, now I'm in LA.
In the mornings,
I'm channeling, you
know, partly like archangel
Michael and these advanced
consciousnesses.
I can't remember who
identified themselves
as a part of the first crew.
You know, and then at night,
then I'm working at, like,
catering jobs.
And you know, really
like scumming out.
So it wasn't like--
>> Yeah.
Because you still had
to pay the bills, right?
>> Still had to pay the bills.
>> So you just did odd jobs.
>> Still living in reality.
>> Right.
>> Just doing that.
But I did start
working with clients.
And then-- and yeah.
Probably it wasn't really
until I moved to New York
in 2008, I think it was,
that I totally started
making my money off this.
>> OK.
>> So what was the
motivation to go to New York?
>> Well, I think I was
sent there, to be honest.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Because a lot of the
work that we do is this kind
of planetary healing work.
So I had actually just gone
to New York for a birthday
weekend, and just
had, like, a blast.
And I felt--
I actually really loved
LA, but when I came back,
I just felt my time
there was complete.
>> Yeah.
>> Even though I'd gone through
some very difficult things with
the Comedy Store and
the entertainment.
As a city, you know, a
lot of amazing things
happen, like,
spiritually actually.
And I actually loved LA.
But I just felt complete, and
that was a nice way to leave.
And then someone rear ended
me and destroyed my car.
And that was really,
like, the, OK.
You're going now to New York.
>> Let's back it
up a little bit.
Because before you
went to LA, you're
originally from Australia.
>> I'm originally
from Australia.
>> We didn't even get to that.
>> Originally from Australia.
I left Australia to do the
walk about, met this girl
Lisa in Portugal.
>> Right.
>> And she was, like, come
to America and be a comedian.
>> OK.
>> And I was, like, OK.
>> So before America,
there was Portugal.
>> There was Portugal,
there was England.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And then I came to America.
Yeah.
>> Wow.
OK.
And then-- yeah.
So--
>> And growing up in Australia,
that's where you sort of had
an interest, but never had the--
>> Yeah.
And now I look back on it.
When I was a little kid, I
did have invisible friends.
>> OK.
>> So I'm pretty sure I was
communicating with an energy
then.
I had my imaginary friend.
>> Sure.
>> And you know, my
sister didn't have one.
And she-- I was like, we'll
just have one, you know?
Just imagine it.
But now I think whatever I
was connecting with was--
and then we moved to Perth.
And we moved into a house
which I think was also haunted.
And I think that's when
that shut down actually.
And then there was sort
of a difficult period
of my childhood and my life.
And then I was, on that
energetic front, shut down.
But the curiosity
about consciousness.
Even-- because, look, I
converted to Catholicism.
But in year 10, I learned
about reincarnation.
I was, like, well, that makes a
lot more sense to me, you know?
>> Right, right.
>> So then I-- you
know, there was--
there was always the
whatever you call it,
like, just the resonance
with it, basically.
But you're just trying to access
whatever is closest to you,
you know, at that time.
Whatever information
you can kind of get to.
So at first, it was being--
you know, going to church.
And then it was learning
about reincarnation.
And then, you know,
my step mother
gave me a book on palmistry.
Then it was that.
And then it was astrology.
And then it was--
you know, all the
little bad seeds
before you eat the
whole bread roll.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Before you have an event.
>> Yeah.
Before you have an event.
Yeah.
>> So Australia, Portugal,
Los Angeles, New York.
>> New York.
>> Now we're back in New York.
>> Back in New York.
Yeah.
Then, yeah, I was in New York.
And yeah.
I really think I was
kind of sent there.
>> OK.
>> So--
>> And doing this work?
>> Doing this work.
And really, just doing
energetic cleanup work.
So once I-- you know, the kind
of the voice of the Circle
is a lot of this material
about, you know, the shifting
consciousness and dissolving
the old, primitive mind
framework that really does
seed a lot of the worst, quote
unquote, issues of the
planet, which is the survival
consciousness that really
puts us into polarity
and plays out in-- in
a sort of epic problem
stories of the planet.
Like, you know, poverty,
starvation, slavery, war.
>> Mhm.
>> And so it moved from just
kind of law of attraction when
I won stuff to how the
matrix of reality works.
>> Mhm.
>> What are the
frameworks that create?
What we see is the
storylines on top.
>> Right.
>> What are the deep, underlying
frameworks that are seeding
those stories?
So we work a lot with
what is down here.
>> Right.
Right.
>> To clean up what is up here.
But just generally, bopping
around and bringing the high
frequencies into different--
kind of anchoring the high
frequencies into different
places on the planet,
which I think a lot of--
well, there's
different people who
are doing different
forms of channeling work.
But I do think that
after my having
this sort of
spiritual event in LA,
then New York is such a
melting pot of humanity.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think also being a
comic and my personality made
me, like, robust enough to be
a very energetically-sensitive
person in a place like New York.
>> Mhm.
>> Where I think you
have maybe more channels
and energy-sensitive people that
would find it even more hard
going than I would.
>> They would find it more what?
>> Hard going.
>> To be in just
such intense energy.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like
grinding, intense energy.
>> Yeah.
New York can be intense.
>> It's intense.
>> I mean, any dense city.
>> Yeah.
>> It's once you start
becoming energy sensitive--
>> Yeah.
>> You kind of like
to get away from it.
>> It can be
difficult for people.
Yeah.
It can be difficult. And I'm
an extrovert, so that helps.
And I-- I just--
that was what I kind of came
to, is, like, I was just more--
my consciousness was more robust
enough to handle being there,
opening up the gateways,
bringing the energy in.
>> Well, the Comedy Store sort
of prepped you a little bit,
huh?
>> Yeah, exactly.
Probably.
Yeah.
You know, there was
definitely, you know--
well, we just reincarnate with
probably what we need to do,
what we don't even know
that we're going to do.
>> Right.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And what-- yeah.
With New York, you're
very tapped into humanity.
You're on the subway
with everyone.
>> Yeah.
>> And I love--
I love New York for this.
And it is also in some way an
incredibly heart-opening place
because even though it's intense
and there's a lot of energy
there, polarity
actually can't last
that long there, in
terms of-- you know,
particularly when you look at
people, like racism and things
like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Everyone's on the subway.
>> Humanity is right there.
Whatever your preconceptions are
about what this sort of person
is or what that
sort of person is,
once you're all riding
the subway together,
you're just like, oh,
we're just people.
And I really--
I really feel that
that's why people
feel that I heart New
York thing, because it
forces us to confront
our lives and separation.
>> Yeah.
>> And really just see people.
>> Just see people for people.
>> And be-- yeah.
And it's-- so I
treasure my time there.
But it was also
very challenging.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Well, how long were you
there before you made this move?
>> So I was there for eight
and a half years as well.
That seems to be my cutoff.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
I haven't lived anywhere in one
place, anywhere in the world,
for more than eight yeas.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
So even as a child,
we lived in Africa
and lived in Papua New Guinea.
>> Interesting.
>> Lived in several
places in Australia.
I had discovered Hawaii
doing hula hooping.
Came out here to do
hula hooping retreat.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Ended up holding my
own hula hooping retreat.
>> Right.
>> Spiritual cross
hula hooping retreat.
And then came over here to Oahu.
And the second day
I was here or so,
I met some people who were
working at the skydiving place.
>> Right, right.
>> And then I
discovered skydiving.
And that's what started me
bringing back-- bringing me
back here in the winters.
>> OK.
>> To skydive
through the winter,
and to kind of get
out of New York--
>> Right, right.
>> --Through the winter.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And then when things
just really fell sort of--
I'd lost my apartment
in New York.
New York just
started, like, ending.
It was just an easy, very
easy, move for me to come here.
>> OK.
>> Yeah, but I already
had a car out here.
I was already--
>> Somewhat integrated?
>> I was already--
I already had this community
of skydiver friends.
>> Nice.
>> It was like, oh.
I lost my apartment.
See ya.
[LAUGHTER]
>> What was the
draw to skydiving?
>> Skydiving has been a very
amazing experience for me.
So a big part of
the work that we do
is this primitive-mind
consciousness part
and dissolving the influence
of the primitive mind
and the nervous system
on how it shapes
our beliefs about ourselves
and our beliefs about reality.
Basically, the primitive
mind is probably
the most contracted aspect
of the human consciousness
because it's all
that super survival.
>> Right,
>> Like, you're my enemy.
It's very polarized.
It's very focused on the--
>> Sort of, like,
Neanderthal kind of.
>> Yeah.
Neanderthal.
Like the caveman mentality.
>> Right.
>> It's a deep part
of our programming.
>> Right.
>> And we don't realize
how much it is influencing
our relationship to our world.
So when-- you know, when someone
feels like they can't change
their career--
>> Mhm.
>> Or they have resistance
to changing their career,
even though they're
very unhappy,
it's the survival mind
underneath saying,
you're going to die if you
do something different.
>> Sure.
Sure.
>> Or if you--
say you're doing something
very accepted by the family,
but you really want to go and
become a heavy metal artist.
>> Right, right.
>> Right?
The survival mind is saying,
if I go and follow this dream,
I'll be rejected by
my tribe and I'll die.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And it-- there's a big, big
zeitgeist of emotions that come
with that.
And also, how we suppress
our primitive mind emotions--
>> Yeah.
>> Fear, and anger,
hatred, but also grief,
fear of abandonment, and shame.
How we suppress those
in the body mind
is what causes a lot of our
chronic physical illness.
>> Right.
>> As well, which is one of the
specialties that we work with.
With-- you know, in the
healing practice that I do.
So--
>> Does any of that
transfer to pre-human?
Like, you know, we
always hear in my series
that the Annunaki is
sort of a theme, right?
>> Right.
Right.
>> Of us being seeded here,
and enslaved, and all that.
Does that come into
the mix at all?
>> I've never received
information about that.
And I think the way
I receive information
about what created the planet--
>> Mhm.
>> Is that it's all
a creative choice.
And that these frameworks
are put into place.
The way the information comes
through with the Circle is it--
it sort of avoids all talk of
sides, if that makes sense.
>> Sure, sure.
>> And good and bad.
So the way it's really
presented a lot more--
like, one thing that
I've channeled about
is that when this
stage was set to have
this creative experience that
we call the human experience--
>> Right.
>> --One of the creative choices
was to have 12 viral strains
that all illness and disease
would kind of come from.
>> Hm.
>> And that that--
and you know, in all
these different kind
of manifestations.
And so it's really
about that there
would be the
intelligence of illness,
would be part of
the human story.
But what that story is about is
it was about creating lifespan.
So when consciousness
incarnates to have
an experience, based on--
you know, at different periods
of time, if you incarnated,
there, like, wasn't
that much to do.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Right.
Right.
>> If you think incarnated
as, like, a medieval farmer--
>> Right.
>> Like, thirty years
is probably good, right?
>> Right.
>> That's enough.
Right?
So how do we have lifespan?
We have these programs
of entropy and decay.
>> Yeah.
>> And disease, and illness,
and that sort of stuff.
And it was part of the
whatever you want to call it.
The intelligent design
of this human experience.
>> Sure.
>> This play, this TV show--
>> Yeah.
>> --Of life that
we're going to have.
So I guess some people
might say, well,
the writers of that show
were mean to write that in
or something.
I don't know.
But for me or how I've
always received it,
it's just very much being, like,
this was an experience created.
And now we're in the middle
of changing the storyline.
So we're going from a cop show
to a science-fiction show.
We're moving from a, you
know, primitive-mind driven,
singular, linear, time-space
reality storyline.
All the storylines that
can come from that,
which includes the stories
that stem from survival
consciousness, which is war.
I mean, it's made a
lot of storylines.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Tons of storylines.
>> How many more movies do we--
>> How many more movies?
And that was really the thing.
It's like, we're
done with-- you know,
we've sort of explored
all these storylines.
So as a collective
consciousness,
consciousness
decided to shift it.
And instead of just blowing
it up and being like, OK--
>> Start over again.
>> Start over.
We're going through
a set change.
>> Yeah.
>> While we're still incarnated.
>> Right.
Which is so cool, right?
>> Which is cool.
So people were, like, you
know, in the cop show--
>> What's going on?
Exactly.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> The stage pieces.
>> Yeah.
>> There's actually--
and they're moving.
>> That's exactly it.
>> Wait.
Am I part of this stage?
>> Yes.
That's totally it.
And so--
>> That's part of
us working it out.
>> That's part of it.
And this whole struggle
that we're having
with polarity right now--
>> Yeah.
>> And that the fake news and
all this other stuff is that
what--
this is a projection of the
going mind going, I can't.
I can't combine these
realities into one piece.
>> Right.
>> Because there's
the old reality,
and there's a new
reality moving in.
>> Right.
>> And because I
can't reconcile this,
I'm creating polarity
everywhere, right?
>> Right, right.
>> And seeing polarity.
And that's part of this
process of trying to merge back
into one consensual reality we
can all more or less agree on.
>> Right.
>> We've been in the
consensual reality.
We've got-- like, where
we've pretty much have all
consented, mostly,
that we have a life
span that lasts this long.
>> Right, right.
>> You know, we have--
>> Well, we're constantly
retelling the story
because our new discoveries are
showing that we can extend life
this much longer.
>> Well, this is--
>> --With these new habits,
and doing this thing,
and that thing.
>> Yes.
But what's happening in
the rewriting of that--
and that's the work that
I do with the Circle--
is that we're dissolving
those programs as well.
>> Yes.
>> So you've got the energy
work coming in, going,
this old program of
entropy and decay--
>> Right.
>> --Is part of the
old slate of stories.
>> Yup.
>> We don't actually
need it anymore.
>> Yeah.
>> So we do that.
We dissolve the programs
of entropy and decay.
But simultaneously, we have
this manifestation of, you know,
surgeries that make
us look younger.
Light technologies that
make us look younger.
>> Right, right.
>> Meditation that
makes us look young.
>> Right.
>> Like, all of these things.
Because for me, that
was just, like, a new--
I did this retreat, and it
was all about, you know,
shifting consciousness,
shifting my consciousness
and opening up to
a new framework.
And then I discovered skydiving.
And a whole wonderful new world
for Georgia, the human being,
opened up.
But also because my work was so
much about the nervous system
and watching how the nervous
system controls people.
It was a really good way for me
to really viscerally experience
the influence of what I
call biological thinking.
How when our nervous
system kicks in,
it controls our thinking.
>> Mhm.
>> And that may be subtle.
Like, oh, I'm too
embarrassed to be a comedian,
or I'm too embarrassed
to change jobs,
or I'm too afraid
to change jobs.
But that's where it's
operating for most people.
Like, it's just, like, this
subtle form of resistance
that's inhibiting people
from making changes.
So the more I can
understand that--
and that's what's
happening with humanity,
that this kind of
mayhem that we're seeing
is that we have new
frequencies moving in.
The nervous system in
our old, human biology
isn't recognizing it.
>> Right.
>> And so it's going,
danger, danger.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And how that then projects
out into our reality is these
storylines that the
world is about to end.
>> Right, right.
>> That we are under threat.
>> Right.
Right.
>> But what-- that's the old
egoic mind feeling the threat
of the new energies moving in.
>> Yeah.
So we're kind of
going through this,
like being able to
integrate it all.
>> Yeah.
>> And then when you get
through the illusion,
then you come to the next level
of knowingness and the next
state of consciousness.
So when I go
skydiving, I'm always
challenging the most contracted
aspect of my consciousness,
which is my nervous
system, to transcend.
My first lessons
I was told I was
one of the people in the world
who probably can't skydive,
whose brain can't do it.
So it immediately planted
a huge amount of fear.
>> Right.
>> And that process
of overcoming that.
And if my brain couldn't handle
it, training it to handle it.
>> Right.
Right.
>> Was such that when I had
those breakthrough skydives,
it was very much like
a spiritual experience.
>> Sure.
I had transcended this kind
of biological limitation.
And that's really what
is happening in humanity.
>> Yeah.
>> Plus, it's a riot.
Like, it's awesome fun.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> But why was I drawn
to skydiving as part
of my spiritual work?
It really was to look at
this-- this contracted aspect
of our consciousness.
Yeah.
>> So skydiving--
you know, this--
the adrenaline, right, and
being on edge, like you said,
in the nervous system.
>> Yeah.
>> You're still kind of
finding that inner peace.
>> Well, it's just--
it's still-- you know, I've
done lots of work on myself.
I mean, it's a daily practice.
I think being a channel,
you have to be--
It's your responsibility as a
channel to always be working on
yourself, you know?
And the more you
do, the wider the--
you know, the bigger
the frequencies
are that can come though.
>> Right.
>> Because the
frequencies come through,
and they tend to
push everything out.
>> Right.
>> So I like skydiving because
it continues to reveal to me
where my ego is,
where-- you know,
where the denser aspects of
my consciousness is still
residing.
And I can keep working on it.
You know, when I first
started channeling,
and this will happen
to a lot of people
who go through this spiritual
awakening, you're like, oh.
This is really amazing.
And then suddenly, all these
really intense emotions
are coming up.
And there's a massive
clearing of the inner house
that happens.
And that really is
a continuing process
for me, of being a channel,
to keep doing that work.
So I can still--
I can still easily observe
myself on the drops,
like, getting all like--
[LAUGHTER]
--The polarity
coming through again.
Just because I see
my nervous system
is more activated
under those conditions,
and it's controlling
my thinking.
>> When you said you got to
check your ego in, what do--
>> Well, I mean, here's the
thing about the nervous system
that one learns as-- as you
know, as you work with it more,
is-- and this a
piece of biology.
So and our biology,
from a survival sense,
is here to put us in survival.
Right?
So it's there to override
whatever spiritual conscious,
you know, aspect of ourselves,
heart-centered aspect
of ourselves that
we've developed.
>> Right.
>> If you're under threat,
the biology is there to kick
in and give you energy
to, like, escape.
And you know--
>> Yeah.
>> A murderer or whatever.
>> The adrenaline.
>> Yeah, the adrenaline.
>> The dopamine, the endorphins.
>> All of that.
And then you also have, on
the other side, the bonding
emotions, which is the fear
of abandonment and shame.
And they're the-- they're the--
they're the biological
emotions that drive us to bond
and stay connected to the tribe.
>> Right.
>> Right?
And that's-- and people don't
really understand that side
of it very much.
Jealousy, shame.
This is all about, you know,
getting in the right pecking
order.
So this is a real,
you know, body
of work of exploration for me.
So if I'm on the drop zone
and my adrenaline is up,
or my nervous system is more
active because I'm skydiving,
and somebody says
something to me.
How I'll respond to that under--
in that state is very
different from how
I will respond to it
when I'm in a full stay
and play mode like this.
>> We're hanging on the beach.
>> And we're hanging
on the beach.
And I'd be like,
you know, whatever.
Because I'm not
looking for a threat.
I'm not looking for--
when my nervous-- and
this is what PTSD is.
When the nervous
system is active,
it's looking for a threat.
And it's tending to polarize.
This is the biological thinking.
And this is why, again, what
we're seeing on the planet
right now is that the incoming
new frequencies are posing
a threat to the
nervous system, which
is putting people in a
highly-polarized state,
and they're looking for enemies.
>> Right.
>> They're looking in
religion, in gender.
>> Right.
>> In thing.
>> And in an internet
comment on Facebook.
>> It's triggering
so many people.
>> You are the devil
if you've done-- yeah.
Whatever.
Because-- and it's just--
I think this is just, so,
like not understood for people
who are watching this.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> It is probably one of
the most vital aspects
of consciousness to understand,
if you are going to have some
kind of spiritual evolution.
Because you have to address
this base level of consciousness
that is controlling us
so much behaviorally.
And we see that in the kind of
uprise of tribalism in the--
you know, in the
political landscape.
You know, the immigrants
are the enemy,
or the this is the enemy,
or that is the enemy.
That if we don't address
and have mindfulness,
because I don't know if
I will ever in my life
overcome my nervous system's
biological functioning.
I do believe that biologically
we can move energy completely.
But a compassion self
view is to also be like,
maybe I will never--
>> Sure.
>> You know, I don't have to
win the nervous system to be
in love, right?
Or to be-- and
spiritualism can also--
the good ego can kick
in and be like, well,
you have to be perfect to be--
to be allowed to have this.
You have to conquer
your nervous system,
or you can't experience
connection with the oneness.
Well, maybe.
Maybe not.
Who cares?
>> Right.
>> But if you are mindful and if
you are aware that this aspect
about programming has such a
massive impact on our daily
interactions.
But also, how it is
getting projected even
into the metaphysical,
which can then
start to become a boundary
and a blocking point
from being able to transcend
that ultimate illusion
or polarity.
It's a really important part.
It's an important piece of
consciousness to understand,
I think.
>> Yeah.
>> There's lots of
important pieces, but--
>> No.
That's a huge one,
especially right now.
>> Especially
right now because--
because humanity innately
feels under threat
by the unknown, which is
this energy that's moving in.
So if you are aware of it--
and a lot of on my website,
www.circleevolution.com,
if I can plug that.
>> Yes.
>> I have-- we have--
you know, I have, like, over
500 recordings and energy
atunements that is where
all this information is
coming from.
But it also worked to help
open up the nervous system.
Because people are trying
to bring in more energy,
bring in more
consciousness, and you've
got a contracted nervous
system going, no, no, no.
This is what's making it
so difficult for people
to open up.
>> Right.
>> Because they don't know
how to open up that primary,
deep piece of programming enough
to allow this stuff to come
in and be accepted.
And therefore, actually start
to come into manifestation.
>> Right.
>> Right?
Like the whole magic
of the 5-D grid.
The whole-- the magical
potentiality of-- of--
you know, everyone's
kind of waiting
for this big spiritual event
where we're all telepathic,
and we're all connected, and
we're teleporting and stuff
like that.
There's a biological
process that's
happening that is adaptive.
>> Yes.
>> Maybe that will be a
big, fat event one day.
I'm not ruling it out.
>> You had your event, you know?
>> To a point.
But I am not living--
>> Yeah.
You still had to integrate.
>> And I'm not living in multi
dimensionality all the time.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You are Reuben, and we're
having this conversation
through our physical senses.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And you know, even though
there's frequencies coming out
of this--
>> Right, right.
>> We're not telepathically
connected yet.
You know, a lot of
people have-- you know,
when 2012 came around, you know,
they're like, oh, the whole--
you know, everything's
going to be gone.
>> It going to be this.
>> It's going to be this.
>> What's the new day?
Like 2025 or something?
>> Well, you know, that's,
you know, the event.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, there's
going to be an event.
>> There's going to be a
big solar thing happening.
>> Yeah.
>> Or something.
>> Everything is going blow up.
>> Everybody is going to be
instantaneously transformed
into--
>> Yeah.
>> And telepathic or whatever.
And I think people are
feeling the energy of that.
>> Sure, sure.
>> So they feel that excitement.
They want it to happen.
But the adaptation
process of our biology
and also just for our
consciousness to handle it
and to kind of be
able to enjoy it.
>> Right.
Without short circuiting.
>> Without short
circuiting and just being--
because even having
the event to channel--
>> Yeah.
>> --Was enough that I had to
go through a lot of adaptive
crisis to trust it and to
feel safe with the process.
So I think big things
happen, little things happen.
But we're in an
adaptive process.
The set is getting changed
while we're still acting.
And if you can understand
some of the ways
to calm the old egoic body-mind
system, the nervous system
down.
>> Yup.
>> Learn how to open up.
Let the frequencies come
in, and allow yourself
this adaptive process.
I think if you
incorporate all that,
then the magical
stuff actually starts
happening a little bit sooner.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it starts
to just happen in life.
>> Yeah.
You know, it's an integrated
part of your existence
rather than like, now.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Right, the big thing.
Yeah.
>> Like a big thing, you know?
>> Which still happens.
You still get to a big thing.
>> Right.
I had a big thing.
Like, it was definitely--
I was like--
>> And I'm having big
things all the time,
but it's not like
all, like, you--
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it comes.
And then you have
your, you know,
you have to go do the dishes.
>> You have to go do
the dishes, right?
And sometimes-- and really,
if you're in a good zone,
the dishes are just
a fine as anything.
>> Exactly.
That's what I've noticed, is
the more you're in this zone--
>> Yeah.
>> --The more you
integrate all this stuff--
>> Yeah, totally.
>> --The dishes are fun to do.
>> The dishes are fun.
If you're in a good space,
everything is fun, you know?
>> Absolutely.
>> But-- but this is-- you
know, it's an important thing
to understand, that as that
old consciousness is coming up,
and the fear, and
shame, and all the--
the reservoir, the collective
memories of these emotions.
And these what we call the grids
that create creation, which
are these sort of big
energetic frameworks
that have held the
stories of reality
in place, as that-- as
all of that is coming up,
we're going through a process
of taking all the energy that
was in that and purifying it
to feed the new framework,
you know?
Energy can't be
destroyed or created.
So we've got to get the
energy from something,
which is all the old story.
So there are very
challenging aspects
of integrating
what feels like all
that dense, old, primal emotion.
>> Yeah.
>> And having tools that helps
that-- that sort of process.
And really understanding
what's going on
can bring a little--
a lot more grace
to the process of
people who are here
to support this kind
of evolutionary shift,
and do that kind of work,
and go through their own kind
of, whatever you
want to call it,
ascension process,
enlightenment.
Whatever your name is for it.
>> Right.
Right.
Well, grace is a
big-- that's a big--
I had several
downloads in regard
to that, as far as operate
from a place of grace.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
And sometimes grace
is it's OK that I'm
freaking out right now.
It's a moment of acceptance.
>> There's a great movie.
Who was that director?
Paul Anderson, I think.
He did the "The Train," the
movie where-- not "The Train."
"The Hotel."
>> "The Hotel."
Yeah.
>> You know that one?
>> I know-- have I seen it?
>> He's this bell man.
And he--
>> Yeah.
>> And there's these extreme
situations and all that.
But he's always, like,
operating from a place of grace.
And I was, like, yes.
That's such a valuable
message, right?
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And grace is, you know,
when we're in non judgment.
You know, we-- like, the
dishes are not good or bad.
>> Right.
>> Right?
This is all just energy.
So even the uncomfortable
feelings as they're emerging
are not good or
bad, and you're not
good or bad for having them.
It's just energy.
Even though it may be
uncomfortable to have your--
when I started channeling, yes.
The anger had to come up.
The rage.
Everything that was embedded
in me that was now--
the higher frequencies
was activating
to move up, like, you know,
the dense ice cubes coming up.
>> Right.
>> Had to come up and be--
not just gotten rid
of, because then you're
missing the big source
of energy that's there.
Process, integrate
it, and expanded with,
which I might be going
a little bit too much.
But let's just
say, there's a lot.
A lot that goes into this.
>> Well, we'll definitely,
when the Circle comes through--
>> Yeah.
>> We'll get into some of this.
Every time the mind is
threatened by the new level
of consciousness, that--
that survival mind
starts to kick up.
So even if I go from here's
Georgia, a single person,
to here's Georgia who has
had multiple lifetimes,
to here's Georgia,
that is connected to--
has, you know, galactic
energies, to here's Georgia
and she's the creator
of everything.
>> Mhm.
>> Each one of those shifts is
a threat to my singular egoic
identity's consciousness.
And there's very often
a survival mind reaction
at each of those
initiation points.
>> Right.
>> Which is just a by the by.
But that's a lot of
the work that we do,
is guide people through
those initiation points,
which may come as an illness.
It might come as a
relationship breakup.
It might come as a career thing.
Whatever is driving
people crazy.
If the mind doesn't
know what's going on,
it's often indicated that people
are going through an initiation
into the next level
of consciousness,
which is unknowable
to their current mind.
So that's happening personally.
It's happening collectively.
But I think we are about to--
there is certainly a lot
more people opening up.
It is getting exponential in
such a way that I think we will
have more, like, event-looking
like experiences,
where bigger collectives
are kind of, you know--
>> Yeah.
I mean, I guess more things can
happen if we all allow them to.
>> Yeah, if we--
as the veil of our collective
consciousness is thinning--
>> Right.
>> --It's getting easier.
And I think I'm already
seeing that, you know,
people are coming to me more.
The Circle is being invited
right to get out there more.
Reality is showing me that it is
ready for the particular stream
of information that
we're bringing through.
>> Right.
>> You know, because reality
is drawing us rather than--
earlier, I used to
really just trying
to insert us into reality.
>> And this is the fan we
were talking about earlier
in the podcast.
>> Well, frequency activate now.
>> Right.
So that-- that happens first.
Or it's almost simultaneously.
>> The fan-- I think the fan
concept they're giving is
if you're feeling really
drawn to something--
>> Right.
>> --And we're like, fans,
like fans of a rock star,
fans of what--
you drawn to the frequencies.
>> Yeah.
>> And you're drawn to the
opportunity to integrate them.
>> Right, right.
>> So, yeah.
If you're a fan of Jesus--
>> Right.
>> Frequency activate now
heart-centered consciousness.
But forget about all
the stories, right?
>> Right.
So I mean, I have, for
me, in my work as an actor
and in video game
stuff, I have many fans
who are drawn to that work.
>> And they're drawn to-- yeah.
But they drawn to you.
>> Right.
>> There's a little, you know--
>> Frequency activation.
Totally.
>> You know, those fans
may not want to hear that.
But--
>> But, yes.
Well, their minds
initially may be resistant.
>> Sure.
>> But they-- I don't
think-- you know--
>> Most of them
actually are very--
>> It's all getting matched up.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> You know?
Like, when I saw Abraham--
>> Yeah.
>> Like, we were into it, right?
>> Right.
But I had no idea that that was
probably a frequency activation
now for me that played out I
don't know how much longer it
was, like a year or two later.
I don't know how long it was
after meeting with Abraham
that I had my event.
So of course, the mind is
resistant to this information.
>> Right.
>> You know, it
is, because it's--
this information is
here to change the mind.
So it's like, no way.
>> Yeah.
>> So the initial thing, and
this is what a lot of people
in my show is
about, the podcast,
"Coming Out of the
Cosmic Closet,"
as a human being and as
a person with feelings,
I know that when I
put myself out there,
people are going to resist me.
And to my human self
and to my inner child,
that can feel like rejection.
>> Sure.
>> And that can hurt, right?
And I think that's really what
was happening at the Comedy
Store, is that the
frequency that I was at
was very different from
that collective energy.
And I was-- I went through this
storyline of being attacked
and kind of pushed out.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Right.
>> And that was my--
and it was hard for Georgia.
But for my consciousness, then
all these things opened up,
and these things happened.
So it's funny when we were
talking about YouTube comments
and people like, this is
the work of the devil.
>> Right.
>> Well, a lot of times, those
people are right in the middle
of a point where
they're about to crack.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And I saw--
I've seen it happen that
the most resistant--
they're fighting so much this
big shift that wants to happen.
They're fighting it.
Their survival
system's fighting it.
And then they pop through,
and they get so much expansion
when they get on the other
side of that illusion.
>> Right.
>> So people might resist
what you're doing at first,
but we know two-- two days,
two weeks, three weeks later--
I've learned how to kind of--
[VOCALIZING]
--And retreat.
Because Georgia
doesn't necessarily
want to be in the fight
of the resistance.
[VOCALIZING]
>> Throw some magic dust.
>> Get out of the--
>> And then when
people withdraw--
and that was something
I had to learn.
Because as an
extroverted person,
I want to give it all now.
>> Sure.
>> But I had to learn--
[VOCALIZING]
>> And retreat.
Because people do
react against--
I've had strong
reactions against me.
>> Right.
Have you ever seen the opposite?
People-- well, I--
you know, maybe you're
familiar-- are you familiar
with Dorian Virtue?
>> Yeah.
And now she's gone
totally Christian?
>> What happened there?
[LAUGHTER]
>> I don't know.
>> Yeah.
Maybe that's her way of being in
a clear channel with something
that really resonates with her.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know,
because I'm not her.
>> OK.
Sure.
Sure
>> And I actually haven't even--
>> I'm sure she
lost some people,
and she gained some people,
you know, following.
And I'm sure it's
sort of swinging--
>> And does it-- it--
yeah.
I mean, yeah.
That-- she-- she
definitely was like, nope.
And there are
other people who've
done, like, the kind of work
that I've done, and gone, nope.
You know, it is
the work the devil.
>> Right.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Whatever.
>> It's interesting.
>> But I think that's a lot--
OK.
So maybe if I was
going to say anything,
I would say that could be
a massive form of threshold
resistance.
>> You're right.
>> Right?
Where something kicked in.
And this is why I say it's
very important for channels
to keep working on themselves.
>> Right.
>> Because every time you push
a threshold of consciousness
and you're opening your
channel wider, you get this--
>> Next wave.
>> This-- this-- but you get the
wave of, like, I must be crazy.
I must be mad.
>> Right.
>> Maybe I am doing
the work of the devil.
Maybe I-- you know, like--
>> Sure.
>> You know, maybe because
the consciousness is getting
cracked again.
>> Yeah.
>> So the nervous system
is up, and it's polarizing,
good and bad, right and
wrong, true or false, right?
I think if you get
stuck at that level,
then you could definitely
sideline into, well,
it must all be evil.
It must all be bad.
If I can't make sense
of this reality,
if I can't get through to
the next level of this,
then my mind has to
go, well, it is bad.
And maybe being somebody who has
also reached a level of success
where it can then be a challenge
to keep going inward and doing
the inner work that need-- that
has to accompany the capacity
to keep holding the
vessel more and more open.
>> Yeah.
>> Something happened there.
I don't know.
It's not for me to-- you know.
>> No.
I understand.
>> But I could see
that that would happen.
>> It's a rarer case.
You know, I've seen people
go the opposite direction.
>> Sure.
Yeah.
>> This happened a few times.
I know some personal
people, friends of mine,
who have also done that.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah, you're right.
I think it's just not ready
to go to the next level.
>> My spiritual initiation,
where I was cracked through
into all consciousness.
And I was telling you-- and
I know when I say something
like, I have felt the
suffering of all humanity,
It might just sound like a
line that I'm throwing off.
But that was a very intense
spiritual initiation
that I went through.
And if I did not have
the tools that I have,
I probably would have
topped myself, honestly.
>> Yeah.
>> Because it was so painful.
>> Wow.
>> And if you don't have the
tools to navigate through that
space, if you--
because your mind
is getting blasted,
I totally understand
why even people go,
well, yoga's for weirdos,
meditation's for weirdos.
That mind wanting to keep
you in the known zone,
keep you away from
this threshold.
And keep you out of
that uncomfortable space
that it happens
is really strong.
And I get it.
Like, I don't-- I'm like,
I totally get it, you know?
This-- to crack three
levels of consciousness
can be-- you know,
can be very painful.
And that's why it's important
to have tools and have crucible
supporting you, I think.
Even if it's your own
practice that you've
created for yourself.
>> Sure.
>> So but once you get to
the other side, It's awesome,
right?
>> It's great.
>> Wait, wait.
How do you-- like this.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It totally rocks.
It's so amazing and awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> But it is like that thing of
walking to the edge of the door
of the plane and being
like, what am I doing?
I'm going to die if
I jump out of here.
And then something super
awesome that you didn't imagine
could happen happens.
>> Absolutely.
Where can people find you again?
>> So my website is
www.circleevolution.com.
And we have our
podcasts coming out,
"Coming Out of the
Cosmic Closet," which
is all about this
process of then
taking this kind of weird
ability into the world.
>> Right.
>> And you know, and getting
people's feedback on that.
But yes.
The Circle of
Light's material is
truly beautiful and wonderful.
>> It is.
I've experienced it.
We've done some
private sessions.
>> Yeah
>> It's top notch.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It's-- it's the--
I think, so far,
the highest levels
we can go in this unwinding
the matrix stuff that--
>> Ah, thanks, Reuben.
>> --That we've been doing here.
>> Thanks.
>> There's a lot of great
teachers and stuff that go that
direction.
>> Yeah.
>> I feel that's the
real focus of the Circle.
>> Yeah.
>> It's very pure.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Very cool.
>> Thanks, Reuben.
>> Thank you.
Well, looking
forward to skydiving,
and looking forward to our
time with the Circle tomorrow.
>> Yeah.
>> Or the next day.
Whenever that happens.
>> Yeah.
Awesome.
>> And thank you.
>> Thank you.
Thanks, Reuben.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Everyone has a special gift.
Mine?
The Circle of Light.
They speak through
me, and they they're
here to assist the
planet's evolution
to a more enlightened space.
And for some reason, they
chose me, a raunchy comedian
to be their vessel.
I used to be secretive
about my ability,
but now it's time to come
out of the cosmic closet,
and you should too.
My name is Georgia Jean, and
these are my crazy stories.
[MUSIC PLAYING]